TD Ameritrade.
>>> TIME FOR MONEY, POWER,
>>> TIME FOR MONEY, POWER, POLITICS.
POLITICS. THAT STUNNING "NEW YORK TIMES"
THAT STUNNING "NEW YORK TIMES" VAEGS IMPLICATING PRESIDENT
VAEGS IMPLICATING PRESIDENT TRUMP AND HIS FAMILY IN
TRUMP AND HIS FAMILY IN QUESTIONABLE TAX SCHEMES IS
QUESTIONABLE TAX SCHEMES IS RAISING EVEN MORE QUESTIONS
RAISING EVEN MORE QUESTIONS ABOUT HIS SISTER, MARY ANN TRUMP
ABOUT HIS SISTER, MARY ANN TRUMP BERRY IS A SENIOR JUDGE ON THE
BERRY IS A SENIOR JUDGE ON THE U.S. COURT OF APPEALS IN
U.S. COURT OF APPEALS IN PHILADELPHIA.
PHILADELPHIA. SHE DOES NOT ACTIVELY HEAR CASES
SHE DOES NOT ACTIVELY HEAR CASES ANYMORE.
ANYMORE. "THE TIMES" REPORT DESCRIBES
"THE TIMES" REPORT DESCRIBES BERRY AS PRESENT DURING 2003
BERRY AS PRESENT DURING 2003 MEETINGS AT TRUMP TOWER.
MEETINGS AT TRUMP TOWER. QUOTE, FOR ONE OF THEIR PERIODIC
QUOTE, FOR ONE OF THEIR PERIODIC UPDATES ON THEIR INHERITED
UPDATES ON THEIR INHERITED EMPIRE WITH THE SIBLINGS AND
EMPIRE WITH THE SIBLINGS AND ALLEN WEISSELBERG, THE TRUMP
ALLEN WEISSELBERG, THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION’S CFO.
ORGANIZATION’S CFO. DO NOT FORGET, WEISSELBERG WAS
DO NOT FORGET, WEISSELBERG WAS RECENTLY GRANTED IMMUNITY BY
RECENTLY GRANTED IMMUNITY BY FEDERAL AUTHORITIES
FEDERAL AUTHORITIES INVESTIGATING TRUMP’S FORMER
INVESTIGATING TRUMP’S FORMER PERSONAL ATTORNEY MICHAEL COHEN.
PERSONAL ATTORNEY MICHAEL COHEN. NOW BACK TO THE PRESIDENT’S
NOW BACK TO THE PRESIDENT’S SISTER.
SISTER. "THE TIMES" INVESTIGATION
"THE TIMES" INVESTIGATION ALLEGES SHE OFFERED LEGAL ADVICE
ALLEGES SHE OFFERED LEGAL ADVICE TO HER FATHER AND ACCORDING TO
TO HER FATHER AND ACCORDING TO THE CODE OF CONDUCT FOR FEDERAL
THE CODE OF CONDUCT FOR FEDERAL JUDGES, QUOTE, A JUDGE SHOULD
JUDGES, QUOTE, A JUDGE SHOULD NOT PRACTICE LAW AND SHOULD NOT
NOT PRACTICE LAW AND SHOULD NOT SERVE AS A FAMILY MEMBER’S
SERVE AS A FAMILY MEMBER’S LAWYER IN ANY FORUM.
LAWYER IN ANY FORUM. A JUDGE MAY, HOWEVER, WITHOUT
A JUDGE MAY, HOWEVER, WITHOUT COMPENSATION, GIVE LEGAL ADVICE
COMPENSATION, GIVE LEGAL ADVICE TO A MEMBER OF THE JUDGE’S
TO A MEMBER OF THE JUDGE’S FAMILY.
FAMILY. SO THE KEY QUESTION IS, DID
SO THE KEY QUESTION IS, DID BERRY RECEIVE COMPENSATION IN
BERRY RECEIVE COMPENSATION IN EXCHANGE FOR HER LEGAL ADVICE?
EXCHANGE FOR HER LEGAL ADVICE? JOINING ME NOW, CNBC CONTRIBUTOR
JOINING ME NOW, CNBC CONTRIBUTOR AND CHIEF ECONOMIC CORRESPONDENT
AND CHIEF ECONOMIC CORRESPONDENT FOR POLITICO BENO’BRIEN, AN MSNB
FOR POLITICO BENO’BRIEN, AN MSNB CONTRIBUTOR, BLOOMBERG OPINION,
CONTRIBUTOR, BLOOMBERG OPINION, A MAN NAMED IN THIS ARTICLE.
A MAN NAMED IN THIS ARTICLE. A QUICK SHOUT-OUT, TONY SCHWARTZ
A QUICK SHOUT-OUT, TONY SCHWARTZ SAID ON TWITTER LAST NIGHT HE’S
SAID ON TWITTER LAST NIGHT HE’S STUNNED AND DISAPPOINTED THAT
STUNNED AND DISAPPOINTED THAT MORE JOURNALISTS AREN’T FOCUSED
MORE JOURNALISTS AREN’T FOCUSED ON THIS STORY.
ON THIS STORY. TUNE IN, WE’RE COVERING IT.
TUNE IN, WE’RE COVERING IT. TIM, FIRST OF ALL, PRESIDENT
TIM, FIRST OF ALL, PRESIDENT TRUMP’S SISTER, WHY DON’T YOU
TRUMP’S SISTER, WHY DON’T YOU WALK US THROUGH HOW SHE BECAME A
WALK US THROUGH HOW SHE BECAME A JUDGE?
JUDGE? >> RIGHT, SO THIS IS THE LONG
>> RIGHT, SO THIS IS THE LONG ARM AND LONG SHADOW OF ROY COEN.
ARM AND LONG SHADOW OF ROY COEN. THE TRUMPS LOOKED TO ROY COHEN
THE TRUMPS LOOKED TO ROY COHEN WHO HAD A VERY CLOSE
WHO HAD A VERY CLOSE RELATIONSHIP WITH REAGAN, AND
RELATIONSHIP WITH REAGAN, AND GOT HER THE PRESIDENT’S
GOT HER THE PRESIDENT’S ATTENTION AND THAT’S HOW SHE GOT
ATTENTION AND THAT’S HOW SHE GOT THE APPOINTMENT.
THE APPOINTMENT. ONE MORE REASON WHY THE TRUMP
ONE MORE REASON WHY THE TRUMP FAMILY SEEMS SO BEHOLDEN TO ROY
FAMILY SEEMS SO BEHOLDEN TO ROY COHEN.
COHEN. THE ISSUE OF BERRY GIVING
THE ISSUE OF BERRY GIVING LEGAL --
LEGAL -- >> SO HER NAME IS MARY ANN
>> SO HER NAME IS MARY ANN BERRY?
BERRY? >> MARY ANN, YES.
>> MARY ANN, YES. >> I WAS LIKE WHAT.
>> I WAS LIKE WHAT. >> YES.
>> YES. YOU KNOW, SHE ACTUALLY DID WELL
YOU KNOW, SHE ACTUALLY DID WELL BY HER FATHER.
BY HER FATHER. LET’S RECALL IN THIS ARTICLE WHY
LET’S RECALL IN THIS ARTICLE WHY SHE GAVE HER FATHER ADVICE.
SHE GAVE HER FATHER ADVICE. DONALD TRUMP HAD A TACHED A COD
DONALD TRUMP HAD A TACHED A COD SILL TO FRED TRUMP’S WILL THAT
SILL TO FRED TRUMP’S WILL THAT WOULD HAVE GIVEN DONALD CONTROL
WOULD HAVE GIVEN DONALD CONTROL OF THE FAMILY ESTATE.
OF THE FAMILY ESTATE. >> SO WHILE HIS FATHER --
>> SO WHILE HIS FATHER -- >> SO HIS FATHER, YOU KNOW, AT
>> SO HIS FATHER, YOU KNOW, AT THE END OF HIS LIFE, HE’S
THE END OF HIS LIFE, HE’S STARTING TO LOSE IT A LITTLE
STARTING TO LOSE IT A LITTLE BIT, AND HE EVENTUALLY WENT
BIT, AND HE EVENTUALLY WENT FULL-BOARD DEMENTIA.
FULL-BOARD DEMENTIA. >> AND TRUMP TRIES TO GUT THE
>> AND TRUMP TRIES TO GUT THE WILL TO SCREW HIS BROTHERS AND
WILL TO SCREW HIS BROTHERS AND SISTERS?
SISTERS? >> AND HIS FATHER, OKAY.
>> AND HIS FATHER, OKAY. SO REMEMBER THAT THIS IS YET
SO REMEMBER THAT THIS IS YET ANOTHER EXAMPLE OF HOW DONALD
ANOTHER EXAMPLE OF HOW DONALD TRUMP ROLLS.
TRUMP ROLLS. FRED TRUMP IS STILL ALERT ENOUGH
FRED TRUMP IS STILL ALERT ENOUGH WHEN HE SEES THIS COD SILLACIL I
WHEN HE SEES THIS COD SILLACIL I FRONT OF HIM.
FRONT OF HIM. HE GOES TO MARY ANN.
HE GOES TO MARY ANN. SHE TOLD HIM TO GET ANOTHER
SHE TOLD HIM TO GET ANOTHER ESTATE LAWYER.
ESTATE LAWYER. THEY REDRAFTED THE WILL AND GOT
THEY REDRAFTED THE WILL AND GOT RID OF THE CODECIL.
RID OF THE CODECIL. WHEN FATHERS ARE IN TROUBLE,
WHEN FATHERS ARE IN TROUBLE, THEY SHOULD GO TO THEIR FATHERS,
THEY SHOULD GO TO THEIR FATHERS, NOT THEIR SON.
NOT THEIR SON. >> IF YOUR SON IS DONALD TRUMP.
>> IF YOUR SON IS DONALD TRUMP. STUNNING, BECAUSE SARAH HUCKABEE
STUNNING, BECAUSE SARAH HUCKABEE SANDERS WHO SAID THIS STORY WAS
SANDERS WHO SAID THIS STORY WAS BORING.
BORING. IT’S RIVETING.
IT’S RIVETING. THE WHOLE POINT WAS FRED TRUMP
THE WHOLE POINT WAS FRED TRUMP HAD SO MUCH CONFIDENCE AND FAITH
HAD SO MUCH CONFIDENCE AND FAITH IN HIS SON.
IN HIS SON. BALONEY.
BALONEY. HIS SON WAS TRYING TO GUT THIS
HIS SON WAS TRYING TO GUT THIS THING.
THING. BEN, YOU POINT OUT ONE ANGLE
BEN, YOU POINT OUT ONE ANGLE THAT YOU THINK THE TRUMPS COULD
THAT YOU THINK THE TRUMPS COULD END UP OWING THE TAX MAN 400
END UP OWING THE TAX MAN 400 MILLION BUCKS.
MILLION BUCKS. >> YES.
>> YES. >> THAT’S A BIG NUT.
>> THAT’S A BIG NUT. >> IT’S A BIG NUT.
>> IT’S A BIG NUT. IT’S QUITE POSSIBLE.
IT’S QUITE POSSIBLE. THE CRIMINAL LIABILITY IS
THE CRIMINAL LIABILITY IS PROBABLY RUN BECAUSE THE STATUTE
PROBABLY RUN BECAUSE THE STATUTE OF LIMITATIONINGS.
OF LIMITATIONINGS. BUT THEY CAN STILL LOOK AT THE
BUT THEY CAN STILL LOOK AT THE UNDERVALUING OF ASSETS, ALL
UNDERVALUING OF ASSETS, ALL THESE VARIOUS TAX DODGES.
THESE VARIOUS TAX DODGES. AND SAY, LOOK, AT THE TIME, YOU
AND SAY, LOOK, AT THE TIME, YOU PAID WAY TOO LITTLE.
PAID WAY TOO LITTLE. THERE’S 200 MILLION OWED, PLUS
THERE’S 200 MILLION OWED, PLUS PENALTIES AND INTEREST.
PENALTIES AND INTEREST. THEY COULD CERTAINLY ATTEMPT TO
THEY COULD CERTAINLY ATTEMPT TO RECOUP THAT MONEY.
RECOUP THAT MONEY. TAKE A LONG TIME AND A LOT OF
TAKE A LONG TIME AND A LOT OF DISCOVERY AND ALL THESE OTHER
DISCOVERY AND ALL THESE OTHER THINGS.
THINGS. BUT THAT’S A HUGE AMOUNT OF
BUT THAT’S A HUGE AMOUNT OF MONEY THAT TRUMP MIGHT HAVE TO
MONEY THAT TRUMP MIGHT HAVE TO RIGHT.
RIGHT. HE IS, IN FACT, MOST LIABLE,
HE IS, IN FACT, MOST LIABLE, BECAUSE HE IS THE ONE SIGNING
BECAUSE HE IS THE ONE SIGNING OFF ON A LOT OF THESE DOCUMENTS
OFF ON A LOT OF THESE DOCUMENTS AND WAS THE EXECUTOR OF THE
AND WAS THE EXECUTOR OF THE ESTATE SO HE COULD BE ON THE
ESTATE SO HE COULD BE ON THE HOOK FOR A HUGE AMOUNT.
HOOK FOR A HUGE AMOUNT. >> YOU KNOW FIRSTHAND, PRESIDENT
>> YOU KNOW FIRSTHAND, PRESIDENT TRUMP, HE DOESN’T LIKE
TRUMP, HE DOESN’T LIKE DISCOVERY.
DISCOVERY. TIM, YOU POINTED OUT THAT THE
TIM, YOU POINTED OUT THAT THE BIGGEST STANDOUT IN THIS ARTICLE
BIGGEST STANDOUT IN THIS ARTICLE WAS A COMPANY CALLED ALL COUNTY
WAS A COMPANY CALLED ALL COUNTY BUILDING SUPPLY AND MAINTENANCE.
BUILDING SUPPLY AND MAINTENANCE. WHY IS THIS SUCH A BIG DEAL?
WHY IS THIS SUCH A BIG DEAL? >> ODDLY LYLY NAMED LITTLE COMPA
>> ODDLY LYLY NAMED LITTLE COMPA WAS USED BY THE TRUMP FAMILY TO
WAS USED BY THE TRUMP FAMILY TO HANDLE PAPERWORK ASSOCIATED WITH
HANDLE PAPERWORK ASSOCIATED WITH PURCHASES FOR THEIR BUILDINGS.
PURCHASES FOR THEIR BUILDINGS. THEY ADDED MARKUPS FOR THEIR
THEY ADDED MARKUPS FOR THEIR EXPENSES.
EXPENSES. THEY DID THAT SO YOU WOULD HAVE
THEY DID THAT SO YOU WOULD HAVE TO PAY LESS ON INCOME TAXES ON
TO PAY LESS ON INCOME TAXES ON THE MONEY THE PROPERTIES WERE
THE MONEY THE PROPERTIES WERE EARNING.
EARNING. THE DIFFERENTIAL BETWEEN WHAT
THE DIFFERENTIAL BETWEEN WHAT THEY PAID FOR EQUIPMENT AND
THEY PAID FOR EQUIPMENT AND OTHER THINGS FOR THEIR BUILDINGS
OTHER THINGS FOR THEIR BUILDINGS AND OTHER PROPERTIES AND THE
AND OTHER PROPERTIES AND THE MARKUP WENT INTO THE CHILDREN’S
MARKUP WENT INTO THE CHILDREN’S POCKETS.
POCKETS. THIS IS NOT A NEW PHENOMENON FOR
THIS IS NOT A NEW PHENOMENON FOR THAT FAMILY.
THAT FAMILY. FRED TRUMP SPENT DECADES AS A
FRED TRUMP SPENT DECADES AS A BUILDER, OVERBILLING THE FEDERAL
BUILDER, OVERBILLING THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT FOR FEDERALLY
GOVERNMENT FOR FEDERALLY SUBSIDIZED HOUSING.
SUBSIDIZED HOUSING. >> OVERBILLING THE FEDERAL
>> OVERBILLING THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT FOR HOUSING UNITS
GOVERNMENT FOR HOUSING UNITS THAT OFTENTIMES LOW AND MIDDLE
THAT OFTENTIMES LOW AND MIDDLE INCOME PEOPLE NEEDED.
INCOME PEOPLE NEEDED. >> THEY WERE SUBSIDIZED BY THE
>> THEY WERE SUBSIDIZED BY THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT IN ORDER TO
FEDERAL GOVERNMENT IN ORDER TO MAKE THEM AFFORDABLE FOR LOW AND
MAKE THEM AFFORDABLE FOR LOW AND MIDDLE INCOME RENTERS.
MIDDLE INCOME RENTERS. TRUMP WAS BILKING THE VERY
TRUMP WAS BILKING THE VERY PROGRAM THAT HELPED MAKE HIM A
PROGRAM THAT HELPED MAKE HIM A BILLIONAIRE.
BILLIONAIRE. >> ALSO, ACCORDING TO THAT
>> ALSO, ACCORDING TO THAT ARTICLE, USING THOSE INFLATED
ARTICLE, USING THOSE INFLATED COSTS, THOSE INFLATED PAYMENTS,
COSTS, THOSE INFLATED PAYMENTS, FOR MAINTENANCE ON THE BUILDINGS
FOR MAINTENANCE ON THE BUILDINGS TO RAISE RENTS ON RENT
TO RAISE RENTS ON RENT STABILIZED PEOPLE.
STABILIZED PEOPLE. ESSENTIALLY SAYING WE’RE
ESSENTIALLY SAYING WE’RE ACTUALLY PAYING ALL THIS EXTRA
ACTUALLY PAYING ALL THIS EXTRA MONEY WHEN IT’S GOING INTO THE
MONEY WHEN IT’S GOING INTO THE POCKETS OF THE KIDS, USING THAT
POCKETS OF THE KIDS, USING THAT AS AN EXCUSE TO RAISE PEOPLE’S
AS AN EXCUSE TO RAISE PEOPLE’S RENTS.
RENTS. >> IT’S SO --
>> IT’S SO -- >> THIS IS TRULY SICK.
>> THIS IS TRULY SICK. BUT WHAT COMES OF IT?
BUT WHAT COMES OF IT? >> I DON’T THINK HE’S GOING TO
>> I DON’T THINK HE’S GOING TO HAVE ANY CRIMINAL LIABILITY.
HAVE ANY CRIMINAL LIABILITY. ON WHATEVER DAMAGES THEY IMPOSE
ON WHATEVER DAMAGES THEY IMPOSE ON HIM FINANCIALLY FOR THE
ON HIM FINANCIALLY FOR THE CIVIL, THERE’S GOING TO BE A
CIVIL, THERE’S GOING TO BE A REAL PROBLEM WITH THEM BILLION A
REAL PROBLEM WITH THEM BILLION A FACT PATTERN AGAINST TRUMP’S
FACT PATTERN AGAINST TRUMP’S LAWYERS THAT WILL ALLOW THEM TO
LAWYERS THAT WILL ALLOW THEM TO DO THAT.
DO THAT. >> AND IS KELLYANNE CONWAY
>> AND IS KELLYANNE CONWAY RIGHT?
RIGHT? SHE LOOKED AT THE CAMERA AND
SHE LOOKED AT THE CAMERA AND SAID DON’T YOU KNOW, TRUMP
SAID DON’T YOU KNOW, TRUMP ALWAYS GETS THE LAST LAUGH.
ALWAYS GETS THE LAST LAUGH. >> I DON’T EVEN KNOW WHAT THAT’S
>> I DON’T EVEN KNOW WHAT THAT’S SUPPOSED TO MEAN.
SUPPOSED TO MEAN. >> HERE’S WHAT IT’S SUPPOSED TO
>> HERE’S WHAT IT’S SUPPOSED TO MEAN.
MEAN. HE STILL LIVES IN THE WHITE
HE STILL LIVES IN THE WHITE HOUSE.
HOUSE. >> WELL, AND SHE’S SPEAKING --
>> WELL, AND SHE’S SPEAKING -- >> RENT FREE, JUST LIKE HE
>> RENT FREE, JUST LIKE HE LIKES.
LIKES. >> MAYBE HE GETS THE LAST LAUGH,
>> MAYBE HE GETS THE LAST LAUGH, I DON’T KNOW.
I DON’T KNOW. IF PEOPLE DECIDE OVER THE LONGER
IF PEOPLE DECIDE OVER THE LONGER TERM THIS GUY’S ENTIRE BACK
TERM THIS GUY’S ENTIRE BACK STORY, ENTIRE HISTORY IS, YOU
STORY, ENTIRE HISTORY IS, YOU KNOW, COMPLETE FABRICATION AND
KNOW, COMPLETE FABRICATION AND HE’S A FABULOUS CARNIVAL BARKER
HE’S A FABULOUS CARNIVAL BARKER AND HIS HISTORY IS FAKE, YOU
AND HIS HISTORY IS FAKE, YOU KNOW, MAYBE THAT MATTERS IN 2020
KNOW, MAYBE THAT MATTERS IN 2020 TO INDEPENDENT VOTERS WHO SAY I
TO INDEPENDENT VOTERS WHO SAY I LIKE THIS GUY AS A BUSINESS MAN.
LIKE THIS GUY AS A BUSINESS MAN. MAYBE HE WAS A CRAP BUSINESSMAN
MAYBE HE WAS A CRAP BUSINESSMAN AND A SHEISTER.